[panOS] Add Security Rule does not take list as paramter (#27040)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_17_6.md

#### Integrations

##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Updated the *pan-os-create-rule* and *panorama-create-rule* commands to support a comma-separated list of values for their **source_user** argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated the ***pan-os-create-rule*** command to support a comma-separated list of values for the *source_user* argument.
```

***panorama-create-rule*** is deprecated, no need to mention it in the RN.

Author: Oh that makes sense now, thats why only _**pan-os-create-rule**_ is in the README.md
